# EO-MAJI Progres Meeting 1 - Minutes.

## Introduction.
The meeting was held online using DHI's Microsoft Teams videoconference account. The attendants to the meeting were:

* Zoltan Szantoi, ESA Technical Officer.
* Radoslaw Guzinski, DHI.
* Michael Munk, DHI
* Pilar Martin, AECSIC.
* HÃ©ctor Nieto, AECSIC.
* Darren Ghent, University of Leicester.

The meeting started on time at 10:00 CET. HN reviewed the progress of the project, presenting initial results and work in progress for each workpackage:

## WorkPackages overview.
### WP1
When discussing the geometric and radiometric issues present in PRISMA data, ZS mentioned that we should feel free to contact other EO AFRICA EXPLORER colleagues to see how they are dealing with these problems. In addition, ZS mentioned the availability of EnMap and EMIT data over some of the study sites, which could be used to complement the lack of enough cloud-free PRISMA imagery.

### WP2
After presenting the proposed approach for estimating crop yield, ZS asked about the expected accuracy of crop yield at field level, considering that African parcels are rather small. We acknowledge the challenge, but we all agree the interest of tracking this variable for food security matters.

After finalizing with this WP, ZS mentioned that there could be in the coming months an updated and more efficient version of the EEH (Zolti please feel free to delete this bit as you were in the process of negociating this topic)

### WP3
HN and RG presented an standard procedure for the Agile Development Plan. No additional comments.

### WP5
After presenting the three partners and the summary of their needs/data availabilty that was obtained in a joint meeting with EAs on Feb. 8th, ZS pointed out the importance of not only having a balanced distribution of partners in 3 countries, but also that they came up with different needs and socio-economic issues regarding crop yield and irrigation monitoring.

### WP6
During the review of the Project Management, ZS enquired about plans to hire anybody during the project. HN stated that AECSIC will hire a postoc for 1.5 years, hopefully once we receive the first payment, and after complying with all the paperwork required at AECSIC when hiring an international employee.

## Future steps and meetings.
HN will present EOMAJI at the EO Thermal meeting. ZS mentioned that we will meet there, probably as an individual short meeting or a coffee, since not all EOAFRICA EXPLORERS project leaders have submitted an abstract.

Regarding the meeting for MS1. We could decide when to hold it, preferably for 1/2 day meeting. ZS is not available by the end of April, maybe the week of 17-21 April? We just have to keep in mind to send the documents ca. 1-2 weeks before the MS1 to allow ZS to read and approve the documents. We will discuss internally what are the best dates, considering that we do not receive any payment until we deliver the documents.

## Closure.
The meeting was closed at 11:00 CET.

